[FINNIAN]
Crikey!
So this is the Campania?
She's 'uge!
An' lovely, too!
[SEBASTIAN]
First-class suite A 66, please.
The so-called "ship of dreams."
[CIEL] The Majestic Star Line
staked its entire future
on this transatlantic
luxury liner.
They have much to lose.
Just looking at 'er is enough
to take me breath away.
Blimey, Snake!
Yer so lucky you get to go!
You best look after
the master for us, now.
I've always dreamed o'
goin' on a sea voyage!
That's enough gawking.
I trust you will
see to your duties
and keep out of trouble
while we're away.
Yes, sir!
[TANAKA]
Ho ho ho!
Now, then. Let's be off.
See you soon, my lord!
Have a safe journey, sir!
[BALDROY]
Bon voyage!
[MALE STAFF A]
All aboard, please!
All aboard!
[CROWD MAN A]
Goodbye!
[CROWD MAN B]
Safe travels!
[CROWD yelling]
[BALDROY]
Don't go gettin' seasick, now!
[RONALD] Whew! That was a
bit of a close shave, there.
I made it on in time, though,
and that's all that matters.
It's smooth sailin' now,
and the future
is lookin bright.
Well, for some of us, anyhow.
That's it, then.
We've left dry land behind.
Yes, we have.
For now, dry land and
England are behind us,
and I suppose only the Atlantic
knows what lies ahead.
[CIEL] Are you telling me
that this hospital purports
to bring the dead back to life?
Yes, exactly.
Even if it's true,
I have no interest
in the occult.
And if it were something
else entirely?
Like what?
I may have heard
a rumor or two.
It seems Karnstein Hospital
does an awful lot of business
at the docks you
have me... supervising.
[CIEL]
Drugs?
No. People.
They've made use of the
human trafficking trade
to smuggle large
numbers from overseas.
[SEBASTIAN]
So, then...
They're raising the dead
not via occult means,
but through illicit
human experimentation.
[LAU]
Yes, I believe so.
Hmm. That sort of accusation
certainly warrants
a closer look.
If it is true, we'd best
resolve the situation
as quickly as we can.
Sebastian, investigate at once.
Yes. It would be my pleasure.
[SEBASTIAN]
I have done as you asked.
As quick as ever, I see.
What in the world
are you wearing?!
You know what they say, my lord:
"When in Rome,
do as the Romans do."
Now, then, I've learned
something rather interesting.
Yes, let's hear it.
[SEBASTIAN]
According to a certain nurse,
the hospital sponsors
a secret club of sorts
known as the Aurora Society.
Their goal is to achieve
"mankind's perfect salvation
through medicine." To that end,
they perform illegal
human experiments
funded by nobility.
Unfortunately,
I found no evidence
of their activities
within the hospital itself.
In which case, our best hope is
to infiltrate an
Aurora Society gathering.
[SEBASTIAN]
As it so happens,
I was able to uncover the time
and place of the next meeting.
A passenger ship
departing from Southampton
on the 17th of April.
[CIEL] Hmph.
A gathering onboard a ship?
How very like the nobility.
Did you say the 17th of April?
[CIEL gasps]
Our family is going
on holiday in April!
A three-week voyage to New York.
We're traveling
on a luxury liner,
and Father's invited you too!
Isn't that wonderful?
What's the name of the vessel?
It's a new luxury liner built
by the Majestic Star Line.
The Campania.
[ELIZABETH]
Ciel?
You're here!
When I first invited you,
you said you wouldn't
be able to get away.
Yes.
Forgive me, but I was
hoping to surprise you.
You took time off
just to be with me?
That's so adorable!
That's quite enough.
We're in public, Elizabeth.
Show some decorum.
Mother is right, Lizzie.
You're making a spectacle.
Furthermore--
Betrothed or not,
I refuse to recognize you
as my future brother.
Now you will unhand her at once!
[ELIZABETH] Aww, you're
not still on about that,
are you, brother dear?
[CIEL] Ah, Lord Scotney,
what a pleasure.
It's been too long, truly.
I'm so terribly glad you came!
I've missed my future son!
--[FRANCES] Alexis!
--[EDWARD] Honestly, Father!
So we'll be traveling together
for three whole weeks?
[CIEL]
Yes.
[ELIZABETH] We've never had
that much time together!
Do say you'll escort me to a
dinner party while we're here.
Certainly, if that's
what you wish.
[EDWARD growls]
Not over-fond of me, is he?
You have time yet
to win him over.
The gathering will
take place on the 19th.
Perhaps you should relax.
[SEBASTIAN] Enjoying a holiday
isn't likely to kill you.
We'll have to find
the perfect dress!
[giggles]
No. I suppose it isn't.
[GREY]
Lord Phantomhive on holiday?
I don't believe it.
You two again?
Lord Grey and Sir Charles Phips.
A pleasure to see you,
Lord and Lady Scotney.
[CIEL]
What are you doing here?
I might ask you the
same thing, old chap.
We were invited to
attend the Campania's
maiden voyage on behalf
of Her Majesty.
Quite the honor, I must say.
And when we rather unexpectedly
saw you sitting here,
we came to give you our regards.
So, you aren't dead!
What a delightful
turn of events!
I'm afraid that I was
brought rather annoyingly
back to life.
Most probably due to
somebody's insistence upon
repeatedly kicking me.
Oh, yeah?
Well, we should be grateful
to that somebody, then,
shouldn't we?
He saved your life, after all.
You could put it that way.
I pray this will prove
to be an enjoyable
and relaxing voyage.
For all of us.
[music playing,
CROWD chattering]
[ELIZABETH laughs]
Oh, Ciel, look!
Those cakes are simply adorable!
I'm going to go fetch
some for both of us.
[CIEL]
Uh...
[sighs]
[CIEL] Blasted nobles,
interested in nothing more
than the same mindless
chatter day in and day out.
I'm a fool for coming
on this vile ship
when I could be home working.
Bored already?
Perhaps you would
enjoy a fencing lesson
with the marchioness
tomorrow, then.
You would have me
skewered with an épée
before even seeing
the Statue of Liberty?
[SEBASTIAN] Remember, my lord,
tonight is the gathering.
Yes, I know.
[GENTLEMAN A]
Would you care for a glass?
[SEBASTIAN]
That's the sign.
As I understand it,
a waiter circling the hall
with an empty glass means
that the Aurora Society
meeting is about to begin.
[CIEL]
Let's follow him.
Help yourself. I'm not hungry.
[SNAKE]
Delicious.
[music playing]
[DRUNK MAN A] A cold pint
o' ale beats champagne
any day of the week!
I don't need my grog fancy!
Right.
Unless you're dining
with your sweetheart.
That calls for
something better, surely?
[SOPHIE] If that's the case,
I'm jealous of your sweetheart.
Alas, I find myself without one.
Really?
I don't believe you.
--You're just saying that to--
--No, no sweetheart yet,
though we do have a bit
of time to remedy that.
Now, a toast to
the Campania, eh!
[GROUP]
Cheers!
That must be it.
[SEBASTIAN]
Wait, my lord.
There's something
you should know.
Evidently the Aurora Society
has a secret greeting.
Unless you know it,
you won't be permitted to enter.
You didn't think
to tell me till now?
Well? What's this
greeting, then?
You must say...
[whispering]
[CIEL gasps]
No, absolutely not!
You can't truly
expect me to do that!
If you do not, they'll
know we don't belong,
and we'll be turned
away immediately.
Be certain not to hesitate.
[SEBASTIAN]
Now, sir. Shall we go?
Right this way.
[CROWD chattering]
Is this your first
visit to the society?
The, uh...
The perfect flame
that dwells within us.
May be hidden,
but it cannot be extinguished.
--Through it all....
--Through it all...
--We are phoenixes!
Whoever came up with this pose
must have been mad!
I've never felt more ridiculous!
You'd better be right
about this, Sebastian,
or I've been humiliated
for nothing!
Phoenix flame!
Brothers, we welcome you
to the Aurora society.
Here are your membership badges.
[CIEL]
Excellent.
Thank you very much.
[CIEL]
Never, ever again.
[UNDERTAKER laughing]
I'm afraid if I
laugh any harder,
I may just do myself an injury!
[CIEL]
Undertaker?!
"We are phoenixes!"
Oh, I Love it!
And you said it with such
a straight face as well!
You bloody--
Now, now. Temper, my lord.
This is unexpected.
What brings you here?
[laughing]
I suppose you could
call it professional curiosity.
Hospitals are some of an
undertaker's best customers,
as you must know.
I am interested in
the society's activities.
What can you tell me about them?
Steady, now.
You know I won't give
you any information
without proper payment.
You just laughed
for a minute straight!
I suppose that's true.
Perhaps just one more
phoenix pose, for old times?
Not a chance!
[DRUITT]
We are phoenixes!
Forgive me, but I
couldn't help adding
a little touch of my own.
You must be joking!
Is that Viscount Druitt?
Difficult though
it is to believe,
he does have a medical license.
[CIEL gasps]
He sees us!
Good evening, gents.
Are you new to the society?
Yes.
We read about the hospital's
work in the newspaper.
[DRUITT]
Mmm.
Oh, pardon. You look familiar.
Have we met before?
[CIEL] Er... No!
I'm quite certain I'd remember!
You must be right.
I would remember you, too.
Who could forget such
a lovely young man?
Poor dear.
It breaks my heart to
see your beautiful face
marred by a bandage.
Right! That's why I'm here!
Yes! My father said
the society could cure me!
Oh, did he, now?
Come, we should move closer.
The meeting's beginning.
The gentleman in white
is the founder
of our society.
His name is Ryan Stoker.
The perfect flame
that dwells within us
may be hidden,
but not extinguished.
Through it all...
We are phoenixes!
[AURORA SOCIETY]
Ladies and gentlemen.
Today it is my honor
to present the fruits
of the Aurora Society's research
into mankind's perfect
salvation through medicine.
Thank you for coming.
Some of you may wonder,
"What is perfect salvation?"
I tell you:
it is perfect health!
A healthy body.
Healthy teeth.
A healthy spirit.
Healthy friendships!
Health is truly magnificent!
[AURORA SOCIETY claps, cheers]
However, despite all
our medical knowledge,
there is one affliction
of which our best efforts
cannot cure us.
What do you suppose it is?
Death, of course.
But thanks to your support
and the tireless work
of the Aurora Society,
we no longer have to live
with the shadow of death
looming over us.
As you will see after I
demonstrate the results
of our research,
we have finally found
mankind's perfect salvation
through medicine.
[STOKER]
Margaret Conner, age 17.
Her life was cruelly cut short
by an unfortunate accident.
A tragic tale, indeed.
What worse pain
can a parent suffer
than the loss of
a beloved child?
I wish to give them all...
[CIEL]
Is the corpse real?
[SEBASTIAN]
I believe so.
It reeks of the sweet
stench of death.
[STOKER] Ladies and gentlemen,
the time has come!
Witness the power of medicine!
I give you perfect salvation!
[RONALD]
Huh.
It's about that time.
Hey, where ya goin'?
I just have a
little work to do.
Aw, that's a shame.
Want to meet me
here again tomorrow?
[chuckles]
[RONALD]
Sure, all right.
If we're both still alive.
[SOPHIE]
What's that supposed to mean?
Arise, Margaret Conner.
Arise like the phoenix you are!
[GENTLEMAN C]
She's moving!
[AURORA SOCIETY gasps]
Behold, my friends!
The power of our medicine can
overcome even death itself!
You've come back to us!
Oh, Doctor, we cant
thank you enough!
Today you've witnessed
perfect salvation!
[AURORA SOCIETY claps]
I don't believe this!
You can't tell me he truly
resurrected the dead!
[SUSANNA]
My Margaret!
I thought we had
lost you forever!
My sweet girl!
[SUSANNA screams]
No! Maggie! Please, no!
[screaming]
[MARGARET growling]
--[MARGARET moaning]
--[MARGARET'S FATHER yelling]
[AURORA SOCIETY screaming]
Sebastian, quickly!
At once.
Yes, my lord.
Will she stay down?
Please stand back for now.
[MARGARET moaning]
[CIEL gasps]
What the devil is she?
A blade pierced her heart,
yet still she moves.
Whatever she is,
she is beyond my ken.
[MARGARET growls]
[MARGARET moaning]
She's lost control!
Well? Do something! Get to work!
[MARGARET growling]
[ASSISTANTS gasp]
[MALE ASSISTANT A yells]
You're both bloody useless!
--[CIEL] Stoker!
--[SEBASTIAN] Let him go.
How are we supposed
to kill that bloody thing?
Dismembering her to
prevent her moving about
would seem a
good place to start.
[MARGARET moaning]
[RONALD] She won't stop until
you destroy her head.
[RONALD]
Here, let me show you!
[RONALD] Best leave these
things to the professionals.
Don't tell me.
[RONALD]
Ha, ha! I knew I was right!
Why wouldn't anyone believe me?
I told them I collected her,
but would they take
my word for it?
No, of course not!
Who is that fellow?
By this point, my lord,
you should know full well.
[RONALD sighs] Well, at least
this one has a soul.
Here we go.
[RONALD]
Examination complete.
[CIEL]
A Grim Reaper.
That butler uniform...
You aren't the infamous
"Bassy," are you?
A pleasure.
I'm with the Grim Reaper
Collections Department.
The name is Ronald Knox.
I think you're acquainted with
one of my fellow Reapers.
[SEBASTIAN]
Regrettably.
Do the Reapers
know what's going on
with the Aurora Society?
You knew to aim for her head.
What other information
do you have?
None, really. We don't
know any of the details--
just the bare bones of it.
I'm here because
we got reports of bodies
walking around after we'd
already collected their souls,
and someone needed to
investigate the situation.
And sure enough,
here's another one.
That's a genuine corpse,
which I can vouch for
since I took her soul myself
two weeks ago.
We'll have to extract
more information
out of Stoker himself.
Let's go.
[RONALD grunts]
[RONALD] If the administrative
department finds out
there's a demon aboard,
things'll get
much too complicated.
And I'm really not interested
in working overtime.
So could you do me
a favor and die?
I'm going to go on ahead.
Give him a little exercise
and then follow.
[SEBASTIAN]
Very good.
No respect at all!
Honestly, kids these
days are a disgrace.
[SEBASTIAN] I wouldn't split
my focus if I were you.
[RONALD gasps]
If there's one thing
I know about Reapers,
it's that you always keep
your Death Scythes sharp.
Well, yeah.
This is the cargo hold.
[CIEL gasps]
[ELIZABETH screams]
Lizzie?
Ciel!
Careful, you almost shot me!
You startled me.
What are you doing here?
[ELIZABETH]
Looking for you.
I told you to wait for me
while I got our cakes,
but you disappeared.
I went to find you,
and when I saw you running
down the hall, I followed.
Wait, Ciel!
I don't know why you
came down here.
This place is dark and horrid.
[footstep]
Who's there?
Oh, Snake.
"You're just noticing us?"
says Wordsworth.
"We've been here
the whole time."
[CIEL] What are you doing
in the cargo hold?
"The food was delicious
so he was kind enough
to bring some down
for us to share,"
Donne answers gratefully.
[CIEL sighs]
He's right, the food
was exquisite,
especially the lovely cakes!
I wanted to be sure I picked
the perfect one for you.
I decided on the cake
with strawberries.
Here. See?
Wait...
--[MALE ZOMBIE A chewing]
--[ELIZABETH gasps]
[gasping]
[ELIZABETH screams]
[ELIZABETH, CIEL grunt]
[MALE ZOMBIE A grunting]
[growls]
That's not the one from before!
There are more of these things?
[CIEL gasps]
[SNAKE] "We'll take care of
this for you," offers Wilde.
[CIEL]
The society's insignia!
Ryan Stoker.
He must've brought another
corpse aboard the ship.
Here, Snake!
I need you to guard Lizzie.
I'll see to him.
What are you doing?
Did you even hear what I said?
"There are quite a few
boxes with bird insignia
over there,"
Oscar points out helpfully.
Coffins. Rows of them.
[crashing noise]
[ELIZABETH gasps]
[gasping]
[CIEL, ELIZABETH, SNAKE gasp]
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[RONALD laughs]
You're really as good
as he says you are.
You've no idea.
Oh, dear. Is that the time?
I need to go.
I shouldn't have dallied here
for so long with you.
You wouldn't believe
the formal apologies
they make us write
if we're late.
I'd be at it for
a week at least.
Well, ta for now, Bassy.
I have a job to do!
[laughs]
Uh...?
Run, Lizzie!
[ZOMBIES moaning]
Ciel, look!
[ELIZABETH screams]
[SNAKE]
"Smile!"
"Up here, quickly!"
says Oscar urgently.
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[MALE ZOMBIE E growls]
"What are these vile creatures?
Our venom doesn't affect them,
and they smell simply terrible,"
Webster asks in disgust.
I don't know the details,
but we appear to
have found ourselves
aboard a ship full
of walking corpses.
How... awful!
[screams]
What now?!
[MALE ZOMBIE F growls]
[CIEL]
Set your serpents on them!
[SNAKE] "There are too many even
for us!" Oscar says regretfully.
[ZOMBIES growling]
We... We're going to die!
It will be all right.
I swear, Lizzie.
I will protect you.
No matter what the cost!
[SEBASTIAN]
Here, here.
Well said, my lord.
[ZOMBIES gagging]
Spoken like a true gentleman.
I'm very proud.
Quiet, you!
Quit loitering and get rid
of these blasted things.
My lord.
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[SEBASTIAN]
It's sadly lacking in style,
but if I simply need
to destroy the heads...
[MALE ZOMBIE L growls]
...this is by far the
most efficient method.
[ZOMBIES growling]
[CIEL]
Spraying red...
Dancing black...
[SEBASTIAN laughs]
[CIEL]
This image...
It's the same
as it was that day.
[SEBASTIAN]
There you are, my lord.
It's done.
Is there something
troubling you?
Here. Allow me to help you down.
[CIEL] Don't touch us.
You'll soil our clothes.
[SEBASTIAN]
Indeed.
I beg your pardon, my lord.
You couldn't have done that
with a touch more elegance?
Like watching a beast.
I do apologize, but time
was of the essence.
You know, it's odd.
They seem unstoppable,
but their bodies are weaker
than normal humans'.
[CIEL] Why would anyone
bring such a large number
of corpses aboard a ship?
[SEBASTIAN]
As to that...
[STOKER gasps]
I believe it would be best
to ask the good doctor.
[CIEL]
Yes, I agree.
It's all wrong!
This wasn't meant to happen!
I wouldn't intentionally
bring back anyone
in that state!
How could I know the bodies
in the hold would wake up?!
There's no need to rush, sir.
It will be some time before
we reach New York.
Do please tell us the whole
story, from start to finish.
Please, wait!
Why, whatever for?
Your decaying friends have
all been safely disposed of.
No, they haven't!
Oh?
[STOKER] You don't understand!
We have no time!
There's a giant boiler
in the center of the ship
that uses the newest
reciprocating engine.
The hold is split
into two sections
to accommodate the boiler room.
And why does that matter?
[STOKER grunts]
Because it means there's
an additional cargo area!
A hold that's
similar to this one,
but carrying ten times
as many subjects.
You can't be serious!
[MALE OPERATOR A]
Oi.
Is something wrong?
A message from the
ship ahead of us.
Sounds like a warning.
That can't be right!
Oh, God, no!
Get this to the captain!
Right away!
[growling]
[MALE OPERATOR A screaming]
[SHIP PASSENGERS screaming]
[ELIZABETH]
So, what you're trying to say...
[CIEL] ...is that right now,
the ship is most likely
crawling with the undead.
What do we do?
[CIEL]
Sebastian.
I want you to escort
the marchioness
and her family somewhere safe.
And the rest of you?
[CIEL]
We'd only slow you down.
I'm armed, so we can
manage for a while.
Come straight back once
you're certain they're safe.
[SEBASTIAN]
Yes, my lord.
Now, then.
It's time you give us
more information.
First, how can those
things be stopped?
[STOKER]
I...
I don't believe that
you're entirely stupid.
You wouldn't transport these
things without safeguards.
There's another way to stop
them besides destroying them,
isn't there?
Well, yes, there is something.
It's stored in my cabin.
A special device that
emits ultrasonic waves.
It can be used to
short-circuit the patients.
Take us to it.
[ZOMBIES growling]
[FRANCES gasps]
Are you injured, my lady?
Butler!
What manner of beast are they?
I know little...
...but I can tell you
how to stop them.
You must destroy their heads.
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[EDWARD] You seem to have
the right of that, at least.
Given the situation,
I suppose I can look past
your disheveled hair and
untidy appearance for today.
How very generous
of you, my lady.
[ALEXIS]
Huh... Butler!
Is Lizzie someplace safe?
Yes, she is with my master.
I assure you, they were
both quite unharmed.
If they're together, then
we have no reason to fear.
Indeed.
Such a brave heart would never
fail to protect its betrothed.
Quite so.
"No matter what the cost."
Those were his exact words.
They both asked that I escort
you to someplace safe, as well.
[ALEXIS]
Out of the question!
The Midfords are a
proud family of knights
whose solemn duty has
been and will always be
to protect England.
Abandoning her people
at a time of danger
would violate the
code of chivalry.
A knight's duty
isn't to himself,
but to his country
and its people.
--[ALEXIS] Right-o, Frances?
--[EDWARD] Right-o, Mother?
Return to the children.
We don't require assistance.
[SEBASTIAN]
My lady...
You wouldn't be doubting
our swordsmanship,
now, would you, butler?
Certainly not.
I wouldn't presume.
[FRANCES]
Come along!
[EDWARD]
Give your master a message.
If my sister is harmed,
he'll answer to me!
I shall pass that along, sir.
See? This is why I couldn't
promise we would meet again.
No deviating from
the list, I'm afraid.
I truly loathe this assignment.
I've collected so
many souls already,
and it's only just
the beginning.
[PASSENGERS screaming]
I'm freezing!
Hey, does it seem
noisier than usual?
Some people drink a little
extra when it's cold.
[SAILORS gasp]
[phone ringing]
Why aren't they picking up?!
If they don't answer...
[bell ringing]
[sighs]
No chance I'm getting
through this one
without overtime.
And there is nothing
I hate more than overtime.
The administrators
are asking too much.
All of these collections....
[GRELL] ...should really be
assigned to two Reapers.
Ramming something so big into
a girl her very first time...
If that's not bad manners,
I don't know what is.
Poor thing's bound to break.
[GRELL] It's the oldest
story in the world, really.
A maiden voyage
that ends with blood.
There's no taking it back!
The ship has sailed now!
[GRELL] Her lower deck...
will never be the same.
Ouch!
Why is the ship
rocking like that?
Just lovely.
[EDWARD gasps]
We must've run
into that iceberg.
[SEBASTIAN]
Watertight doors.
This should keep the
water out for a while.
And yet, with everyone
in the wheelhouse dead...
This promises to be
quite the beastly night.
[FEMALE ZOMBIE D moaning]
[crashing noise]
Huh?
We're in the middle of
something important here.
Now...
Let the sea breeze caress you.
Feel it running
all over your body
and dancing through your hair.
Can you feel it, Ronald?
Can you?
[RONALD] Is this some new form
of hazing I'm not aware of?
[GRELL] Yes, well I always
imagined this moment
with someone cuter!
Ugh!
You're giving me
nothing to work with!
Let's just forget it.
Blimey! Whatever that
game of yours was,
we don't have time for it.
Look at the collection list.
We still have another
thousand and thirty-four souls
left to go!
As Reapers, our first priority
must always be soul collection.
Let's get this
over with, shall we?
[MALE ENGINEER A]
Huh?
[STOKER]
It seems it's steadied.
What was that?
Did we hit something?
[rumbling noise]
[ENGINEERS gasping]
[yelling]
[alarm bell rings]
[MALE ENGINEER C]
The door's about to close on us!
Hurry! You'll be
trapped down here!
[CIEL]
Lizzie!
[ELIZABETH]
Yes. I'm coming!
[MALE ENGINEER C] Give up!
It's too late for her, kid!
[CIEL]
Lizzie!
[ELIZABETH]
Ciel!
Ciel! You came back!
[CIEL] I promised I would
protect you, didn't I?
Snake!
You and the others go on ahead.
"Wait! No!
We can't leave you behind!"
cries Emily, desperately.
[CIEL]
We'll be all right!
We can go out through the ducts.
You don't want your friends
to spend too much time
in the cold water, do you?
Go on!
[SNAKE]
"Smile!
Keats will help you find
your way through the ducts."
[SNAKE] "We'll meet again soon,
won't we?" Emily asks.
Yes. You have my word.
[CIEL]
Here we are.
You'll need to
take off your frock.
No!
Don't be a fool, Lizzie!
The skirt will only get in the
way while you're crawling!
[ELIZABETH]
I won't! No!
I promised myself
whatever happened,
I would always be
adorable for you.
[ELIZABETH screams]
[crying]
[CIEL]
Don't you see?
If you die, you'll never wear
your favorite dresses again!
If you die, that's the end!
Of everything!
[ELIZABETH crying]
I'm being silly.
It's all right.
When we get home,
I'll ask Nina
to make you a new dress.
It will be even finer
than this one.
How is that?
Mm-mm. You don't have to.
I'm sorry for
behaving foolishly.
And I'm sorry for
behaving so boorishly.
[CIEL]
Now. Let's go.
[MALE ENGINEER C]
We need to leave, mate. Hurry!
[SNAKE gasps]
"Where is the doctor?"
Oscar inquires suddenly.
[MALE ENGINEER C]
You bastard!
[SNAKE] "You lout!
Get back here!" says Oscar.
[SEBASTIAN] Even a cursory
examination was enough
to show that the
damage to the ship
is extensive.
There are likely three, no--
four compartments
that are full of water.
Which means that before long...
[GRELL]
Ta, darling!
Ugh!
How many more of these filthy,
smelly creatures are there?
What do you say we
leave it at that, eh?
We've done enough.
After all,
in less than an hour...
...the ship is going to sink.
The water temperature
is roughly two degrees.
Prolonged exposure would
endanger my lord's health.
[SEBASTIAN]
Unacceptable.
We haven't much time.
I must fetch him at once.
[FEMALE NOBLE A screams]
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[OLD NOUVEAU RICHE MAN A]
Oh! Look!
I can write you a cheque.
How much would you like?
Name your price!
[SAILOR C]
Hurry up!
We should get
the lifeboats down.
Up on deck?
What if there are more
of those things out there?
[SAILORS gasp]
[PASSENGERS yelling]
Was that a horse and carriage?!
[SAILORS gasp]
[MALE PASSENGER A]
No! We're going to die!
[PHIPS]
Don't give up!
[PASSENGERS gasp]
A first-rate butler is
prepared for every eventuality,
including the undead.
Yes, naturally we are prepared.
That doesn't make it
any less absurd.
We must defend Her Majesty's
subjects from any threat,
whether or not
you find it absurd.
The news of so many deaths
will grieve her sorely.
[FEMALE PASSENGER A screams]
[SAILORS gasp]
Go! We'll stay
and hold them off.
Take any uninjured and see
them to the lifeboats at once.
Look sharp!
[SAILOR C]
Uh... Yes, sir!
Defeating these monsters
is not going to be an easy task.
But we're up to it, yes?
I don't fear anything
I can cut with my sword.
[PHIPS]
Very well, then.
En garde!
[PHIPS, GREY] All shall be
as Her Majesty wishes!
--[CIEL gasps]
--[ELIZABETH] Ciel!
That... didn't hurt?
Where have you been?
Apologies for my tardiness.
It won't happen again.
You are both uninjured,
my lord, my lady?
Yes, Ciel protected me,
just as he promised he would!
[CIEL]
And what of the others?
[SEBASTIAN]
Unharmed, my lord.
They sent me to find you.
Thank you so
very much, Sebastian.
Now, the crew is
readying the lifeboats
as we speak.
Let us hurry up to the deck.
[ELIZABETH gasps]
I'd hoped to see
you here, darling.
Not you again.
Blast. We don't have
time for this.
Hi. Bassy, dear!
What else besides destiny
could have brought us
together again today?
Coincidence.
Ah! You're always so cold
and that makes me
so very, very hot!
My dear boy.
This is exactly what
I was hoping to avoid.
Mr. Sutcliff, there is
still that little matter
of soul collecting!
You wretched boy!
Why didn't you tell me
Bassy was here?
I haven't done a
thing with my hair! Ah!
And just where do you
think you're going?
Grell, I'm afraid
we're in a hurry.
I shall have to ask you to move.
Oh? And if I say "no"?
[SEBASTIAN]
I'll force the issue.
[GRELL]
Yes, please.
I've never been one
to mind a little force.
Now come,
let's have a death match
like the world has never seen!
Who is that person?
Just a nuisance, my lady.
It would be best for you to stay
well away from him, though.
He might be contagious.
[GRELL]
How rude of you!
I simply don't repress
my feelings, that's all!
[GRELL grunts]
Bother!
[GRELL screams]
[SEBASTIAN gasps]
[CIEL]
Let's go.
[ELIZABETH]
Okay.
--[CIEL grunts]
--[ELIZABETH screams]
[SEBASTIAN]
My lord!
Oh, dear.
Split your focus, did you?
[CIEL]
Need to... move...
[gasps]
[ZOMBIES moaning]
Look out!
[grunts] My leg!
Lizzie! Run, now!
[ZOMBIES moaning]
It's empty!
Ciel. I'm sorry.
I did want to be adorable
for you until the end,
but it seems I'm going to fail.
Forgive me.
[CIEL]
Lizzie!
[ELIZABETH grunting]
I'm sorry... [crying]
But I didn't know
what else I could do.
You're the last person
I ever wanted to show
this side of myself to.
But now...
It's my turn to protect you,
no matter what the cost may be.
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[ELIZABETH]
I am Elizabeth,
daughter of the
Marquess of Scotney.
My father is Alexis
Leon Midford,
Knight Grand Cross!
I will marry the
Queen's guard dog!
[ELIZABETH grunting]
[ELIZABETH]
Let's see...
How does that horrible
rhyme go again?
"Sugar and spice,
and everything nice."
"That's what little
girls are made of."
"Learn poetry, not philosophy.
Embroidery, not fencing.
Dancing, not chess."
"Be an angel,
innocent of all things."
That's what we English
roses grow up hearing.
It's instilled in us every day.
But....
There was always
something about me
that was different
than other girls.
[MALE STUDENT A grunting]
[PHIPS]
Grey...
Do you know,
is that Scotney's son there,
the one who's meant to be
a devilishly good fencer?
What?
Don't be daft, Phips.
The son isn't the real
talent in that family.
[MALE STUDENT C yells]
[MALE REFEREE]
Touché!
[STUDENTS gasp]
[GREY] The daughter is
the one who's truly brilliant.
[ELIZABETH] The type of
dancing I was best at
had nothing to do
with the waltz.
But something happened one
day that changed all that.
[CIEL gasps]
[FRANCES]
Enough. We're done for today.
[ELIZABETH]
Ciel, are you all right?
[CIEL] Strong women are
frightening, aren't they?
I'm glad you're the
girl I'll be marrying.
That's not so scary.
[ELIZABETH] What could I do
after hearing those words
from my betrothed?
That's when I made a decision.
Whatever happened,
I would be the one
to let Ciel protect me.
[ELIZABETH]
Then came the fire.
[ELIZABETH crying]
I thought my dream was dead.
Burned and broken like the manor
and the Phantomhive family.
[ELIZABETH]
Then one day...
Ciel came back to me once more.
With a jet-black butler
at his side.
[ELIZABETH] When he returned,
I remember thinking
he'd grown smaller and frailer.
But, after a moment...
I realized the truth.
Not that he had grown smaller,
but that I had grown bigger.
And so, I made
another decision.
From that point on...
I would protect Ciel
in my own way.
I've seen the shoes
other girls my age wear.
High-heeled and fashionable.
But Ciel pushes himself so hard
to stand tall as an adult.
So for his sake,
I wear childish shoes
and smile quietly at his side.
Low-heeled shoes.
Mother's training.
And the swordsmanship
to protect you.
Those... are all the things...
...I am made of now.
Ugh! I'm positively soaked!
[ELIZABETH]
If it means protecting you,
I'll happily abandon being cute!
My lady.
You've done more than enough.
I don't... I can't...
I'm a failure as a butler
for putting a lady
to such trouble.
My deepest apologies.
Please. Forgive me.
Please allow me to
sort things from here.
I admit that took some
of the wind from my sails,
but such is life, yes?
Shall we pick up
where we left off?
[SNAKE]
"Smile! Black!"
You're here.
Where is the doctor?
"I'm sorry, but he
managed to escape,"
says Oscar apologetically.
Sebastian!
We don't have time
to deal with these two.
Ryan is the key
to this incident.
We need to go after him!
What?
So if we put the screws
to this Ryan fellow,
we'll learn the truth about
these walking corpses?
One moment. Look.
[GRELL]
Hmm... Yes, I see.
I suppose we really don't
have any time to play.
So sorry to rush off,
but we need to look into this
undead situation, as well.
As much as I wish I could stay,
I'm afraid our game
is over for now.
I promise to paint you
rosy red next time.
Muah!
Until we meet again!
[CIEL]
We need to find Ryan!
[grunts, gasps]
Oh, your leg!
Here, let me carry you.
That's terribly kind
of you, my lady,
but perhaps you would allow me?
Yes, of course!
What was I thinking?
How silly of me!
[ELIZABETH crying]
Now I'm one of the scary
girls that Ciel hates!
I ruined everything!
[CIEL]
What are you talking about?
Remember what you said
when we were younger?
That you didn't want
a wife who was strong?
What? That must have
been a long time ago.
How could I be angry with
you for saving my life?
[ELIZABETH crying]
You mean you're
still going to marry me?
[CIEL]
Uhh...
You really don't hate me?
Hate? Of course not!
Now is not the time for this!
You said we should
get to the deck?
How fascinating!
Even my stalwart lord
is a helpless child
when facing Lady Elizabeth.
[CIEL]
That's quite enough from you.
[SEBASTIAN chuckles]
Well, shall we be going, then?
[CIEL] And when might we expect
this laughing fit to end?
[EDWARD]
Get back!
Women and children first!
And you call
yourself a gentleman?
[ELIZABETH]
Edward!
[EDWARD]
Oh!
Thank goodness you're safe!
[laughs]
[ELIZABETH, EDWARD laughing]
[CIEL]
Edward, might I ask a favor?
Put him on the lifeboat.
He'll go in my place.
There are things I
must do before evacuating.
You're staying? No!
"It's too dangerous!"
exclaims Oscar.
If you're going
to stay, then so will--
[grunts]
[EDWARD]
What the hell?!
'm afraid we haven't
the time to discuss it.
Lady Elizabeth can be stubborn.
I'm putting Lizzie
in your care now.
Very well. I have her.
[CIEL]
Let's go, Sebastian.
[SEBASTIAN]
At once.
There's no need to hurry back!
If you don't return, I won't
have to see her marry you.
Oh, I will return!
[STOKER panting]
Damn!
The ship's listing like mad.
Where is the wretch?
[STOKER gasps, yells]
Lucky me!
Look at the big fish I caught.
And it's a handsome one, too!
[STOKER gasps]
[GRELL] Can I assume that you're
the one making all the corpses
wander about?
We really can't have all these
Irregulars around, you see.
Death isn't meant
to be a temporary state,
but an irreversible fact.
So, how do we stop
these pesky corpses?
Please! There's a device!
You can use it to
stop them, I swear!
Everyone, be on your guard.
There's no telling when those
monsters might attack again.
Be careful!
[SAILOR G]
Coming through.
I have good news! A nearby
freight vessel just radioed!
They can be here
to help in two hours.
[SAILOR F]
Excellent!
In the meantime, let's get as
many as possible into the boats.
Hurry up!
[STOKER gasps]
[GRELL]
Well?
Where did you say
this device of yours was?
[STOKER]
Impossible!
This is where I left it!
It was here!
Unless he came...
[CIEL gasps]
Lord Druitt?
What is he doing here?
Now, you look familiar.
Perhaps we've met before?
Pardon me, but if I may ask...
Is this the device
that stops the corpses?
[DRUITT chuckles]
If you want the answer,
you'll have to follow me.
Come and you can witness
the dawning of a new age.
You wouldn't want to
miss something like that.
Right?
Shall I liberate the
device from his care?
No, there's no point
when we don't know
how to use it.
We're better off
having him activate--
[UNDERTAKER giggling]
[CIEL]
Undertaker?
Oh, hello, there!
[CIEL]
What are you doing?!
Forced labor.
I was on my way to the deck
when they stopped me and told
me to help carry this thing.
This is important.
Do you know how
to operate the device?
What use would
an undertaker have
for a mysterious
machine like this?
[DRUITT]
Do have a care, gentlemen.
That is worth more than
all your lives together.
Are you activating it?
Not just yet.
The full cast isn't assembled.
"The full cast"?
[STOKER gasps]
You bastard!
It was you who took it!
[DRUITT]
Ah! There you are.
I've been awaiting your arrival.
Today is a historic
day for us both.
The empire you cleverly
crafted is about to fall.
And mine will rise in its place,
stronger than any the
world has seen before.
[STOKER gasps]
[DRUITT]
Yes, you heard correctly.
I shall harness the
power of this great device
and create a new world order!
[SEBASTIAN, CIEL]
Huh?
[DRUITT] A deliciously corrupt
and decadently beautiful
society ruled by the immortals.
Today is the day--
the rise of the Aurora Empire!
This is a bit more complicated
than I'd bargained for.
Let's see how this fellow
looks bathed in red, shall we?
[DRUITT]
Take care, now.
If I'm startled, I might
accidentally spill.
[GRELL]
Huh?!
That really isn't helping, sir!
This is power
in its truest form.
I made the lot of you
tremble in fear
using nothing more
than a wineglass!
[laughing]
May I kill him now, my lord?
Not yet.
Though I understand the urge.
[growling]
[CIEL gasps]
[ZOMBIES growling]
[RONALD] We'll never be
able to stop them all!
Viscount Druitt, activate it!
Non!
I am no longer to be
addressed as "Viscount."
I am Caesar.
Call me that, and I shall
consider activating it.
On second thought,
let's kill him now.
We should wait, my lord.
Though I understand the urge.
[ZOMBIES moaning, growling]
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[RONALD chuckles]
[GRELL]
Un, deux...
...trois!
--[ZOMBIE growls]
--[CIEL gasps]
[SEBASTIAN]
Pardon me, my lord.
Ah!
Valiant gladiators
fighting for the honor
of a glorious death!
This is a veritable
colosseum of corruption!
And here I am, Emperor Nero!
Watching it all
unfold from on high,
presiding over the bloodshed!
[RONALD yells]
Can we please,
please kill him now?!
You're the one who just
stopped me from doing it!
You git!
Turn the bloody
thing on, will you?
Very well, then.
The time has come
to found my empire.
Though, before I do...
I shall require a
display of loyalty.
Prove your dedication by
showing me your phoenix dance!
Never mind. Let's kill him.
Ah, but you can't
do that, can you?
If you kill him now,
you'll never know
what that mysterious
device of his does!
Hee-hee!
[giggling]
[DRUITT]
What are you waiting for? Dance!
The perfect flame
that dwells within us...
...may be hidden,
but it cannot be extinguished.
That's right,
because through it all...
[GROUP]
We are phoenixes!
--[CIEL groaning]
--I accept your tribute.
Now, gentlemen,
prepare to see an army
of the undead
bowing before me!
--[DRUITT] Oh, dear.
--[GROUP] Huh?
[ZOMBIES roaring]
[DRUITT]
Non!
[UNDERTAKER laughing]
What is the meaning of this?!
Ryan!
This device you made
appears to be defective.
No, I--
You weren't the thing's creator?
My dear, manual labor
is not my forte.
[UNDERTAKER laughing]
[STOKER]
Bastard!
You were lying all along!
[GRELL]
What an absolute farce!
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[whistles]
The man can use a Death Scythe.
Bloody hell!
Rein it in!
You know we're not
meant to kill humans!
[DRUITT yells]
[UNDERTAKER laughing]
I don't remember the last
time I laughed this much!
[UNDERTAKER] I'm afraid this
is where I must step in.
The death of a man
so entertaining
would be a loss to
the world, if you ask me.
I cannot allow you
to take his life.
Sorry, little Reaper.
[GRELL gasps]
[SEBASTIAN]
Careful!
I suppose it's over now.
A shame... I did so enjoy
when this room
was filled with laughter.
I don't understand this.
You cloaked your
true power masterfully.
Hiding your eyes
was smart as well.
They would have given
you away at once.
I should have known.
He fooled me, too.
Yes, of course, those eyes!
[GRELL]
Yes.
That yellow-green
phosphorescence
is a dead giveaway.
He's a Grim Reaper!
[UNDERTAKER chuckles]
That brings back memories.
It's been half a century
since anyone called me that.
This whole time, the Undertaker
was a Grim Reaper?
So this was all just
some elaborate trick?!
You told me that we
could use this device
to control the corpses!
Yes, perhaps I misspoke.
[STOKER]
Why would you do this?!
I just couldn't help myself.
You were trying so earnestly
to bring the dead back
to life using medicine,
and it was desperately amusing.
[STOKER]
I had a goal!
I wanted to use
medical knowledge
to make the world
a healthier place!
Did you, though?
When you began relying on
the technology I offered,
your work was no
longer purely medical.
Don't you see?
A man who performs
procedures on his patients
without understanding
how they work
is no true doctor.
I just wanted--
[STOKER gasping]
You believed everything I said--
lapped up every lie I told
you like an eager puppy.
That's a good boy.
To be clear, it was never Druitt
masterminding the
reanimation experiments.
It was all you.
Do you think so?
Normally I would
leave you guessing.
But those phoenix poses
were hilarious enough
to purchase a veritable
mountain of information, so...
I will tell you all.
You are correct.
I'm the one who reanimated
our decomposing friends here.
To what purpose?
It's difficult to explain.
At first I suppose
I was just curious
about people and
their mortality.
When a person has
both a soul and a body
of flesh and bone, she is alive.
She travels through life,
growing from child to adult,
and as she does,
all of her memories
are inscribed
in her Cinematic Record.
Then, when her body
at last perishes,
a Reaper appears
to collect her soul.
That is where the Record ends,
and the quick becomes the dead.
That is the task of the
Grim Reapers, you see.
We remove souls from the bodies
in which they were housed,
thus ending each Record
at the appointed time.
It's what we do.
Day after day.
Without attachment,
without incident.
But after so much
time spent reaping,
my mind began to wander--
to question.
Until one day,
a thought occurred to me.
What if there were
more after the Record
reached its end?
[GRELL, RONALD gasp]
[UNDERTAKER] If I spliced in
additional footage, so to speak,
after the point at which
the soul was removed,
then what would happen to
the body of the deceased?
So, then...
What you're saying is that
you edited the Records?
Hee-hee!
Would you like to see?
Go on, then, have a look.
I'm sure you're
dying to find out.
[ZOMBIES moaning]
[GRELL]
Ugh!
[GRELL gasps]
What?!
What the hell is all this?!
Most odd.
What are we seeing here?
[UNDERTAKER] Yes, I know
it looks confusing at first,
but it was really
rather simple in the end.
At the point at which
death is supposed to occur,
I added a false Record
onto the real one,
and so it became neverending.
Then, as I predicted
from the outset,
the flesh thought
it was alive again
and began to move.
It was soulless and clumsy,
an empty husk,
but one with a purpose.
[UNDERTAKER] You see,
when these bodies awaken,
they instinctively know
something is missing.
They seek the souls
the have lost
by ripping open the
bodies of the living.
Think of it as
"balancing accounts"
with their unending
Cinematic Records.
So...
They're coming after our souls?
That's why they're attacking?
[UNDERTAKER] Not that it will
do them any good, of course.
No one else's soul could
ever become their own.
[UNDERTAKER]
They're bizarre dolls.
Neither living nor dead.
Flesh puppets with
no self of their own.
[FEMALE ZOMBIE K roars]
Her skin may be waxy-white
and marred by sutures,
but she's nearly as
beautiful as in life.
And now her mouth no
longer babbles or lies,
her head is empty of all
but a single desire.
That must be a vast improvement
over her living self,
I should think.
You disgust me.
[UNDERTAKER]
Hee-hee!
Clearly you are still a child
if you don't understand
the appeal, my lord.
I assure you,
there are plenty of people
who desire my bizarre dolls.
Utterly incapable of
feeling either pain or fear,
they consume the living,
always intent on finding a soul.
Just think...
The perfect military
animals, aren't they?
[GROUP gasps]
A certain group was interested
to see how effectively
they could be deployed,
and I was happy to oblige.
This seemed to be a
good place to conduct
a controlled experiment,
so I arranged to have an
equal number of humans
and dolls aboard.
Which side will be the victor?
How many will survive?
You are unhinged.
[UNDERTAKER]
Hee-hee! I must say, though,
when I designed this
experiment, I hadn't imagined
we would hit an iceberg.
Now that I've left
my Reaper job,
I don't have a To-Die list
to reference, you know.
Still, it saves me the trouble
of sinking the ship,
so perhaps I should be grateful.
[growls]
It's time we put
an end to this lunacy.
Agreed.
It may mean overtime,
but Reapers have no
business distorting death.
Though, if he isn't
wearing spectacles,
does that mean he's not
technically on the job anymore?
Forget the bloody spectacles!
He's still a Reaper, and Reapers
are strictly forbidden
from interfering with
matters of life and death
in the human world.
Fancy hearing that
out of your mouth.
There is a greater crime here.
I don't give a damn
how attractive you are!
Cutting a girl's
face is unforgivable!
[GRELL yells]
Let's end this, shall we?
[grunts]
[RONALD yells]
[GRELL]
Why are you interfering, Bassy?
I'm afraid I cannot allow you
to dispose of him just yet.
Huh?!
We have a solemn duty to present
the entire truth of this
incident to Her Majesty.
To do that, we will
need him in one piece.
We're Reapers and this is
obviously a Reaper issue.
Keep your noses out of it.
I'm a butler, and this
is a butler's job.
Kindly keep your nose out of it.
Now, now boys.
[GRELL] I love a stoic
as much as the next girl,
but now really isn't the time.
Very well.
If it's a battle you're after,
I'll give it to you
without restraint.
The fact that you know
the word "restraint"
is by far the greatest surprise
of this very surprising day.
[RONALD] Essentially, whoever
gets to him first is the victor.
Not to be immodest, but I like
my chances in this game.
[UNDERTAKER]
Hee-hee-hee-hee!
It's like a pack
of dogs after a fox.
Fascinating.
I can't wait to see who
will sink their teeth in first.
[GRELL grunting]
[yells]
[growls]
[RONALD grunts]
[RONALD] My mistake!
Thought you were him.
Then perhaps you should
have your eyes examined.
[RONALD gasps]
Reapers are all terribly
nearsighted, didn't you know?
[GRELL] Which puts you
at a disadvantage!
[GRELL gasps]
[GRELL]
I sliced it. Then was that...?
[GRELL yells]
[RONALD yells]
[RONALD]
My spectacles!
If you're still
relying on your eyes,
you have a long way to go.
[UNDERTAKER] How much
damage can you hope to inflict
with those tiny utensils?
What our silver
may lack in size,
it makes up for in sharpness.
So I see.
A rather pitiful showing, lads.
Three dogs, and nobody
managed to catch the fox.
And here I thought you
were going to bag me.
[giggling]
[RONALD] I find him
exceptionally irritating.
[GRELL]
Let's get on with this.
The ship is tilting like mad.
We don't have time
to make it pretty!
Right! No more games!
Time to bag us a fox!
[GRELL]
Again? Impossible!
Death Scythes are the
sharpest blades in the world!
There's nothing they can't cut!
So how do you keep blocking us?
They say a Death Scythe
is sharp enough
to cut anything.
However, we Reapers
know that claim
isn't entirely
accurate, don't we?
[RONALD, GRELL gasp]
[UNDERTAKER] There is
something they can't cut.
Just one thing.
No!
Impossible!
[RONALD, GRELL yell]
[SEBASTIAN, CIEL gasp]
Impossible!
[GRELL]
It's a Death Scythe!
Yes, of course.
Multiple Death Scythes
exist, and therefore,
the claim that one can cut
anything must be false.
I thought a Reaper's
scythe was confiscated
upon retirement.
We'd been together so long,
I couldn't bear to part with it.
You understand.
Though I admit, smuggling
it out wasn't easy.
Well, now, it would appear that
the tables have been turned,
and the hunters have
become the hunted.
Are you ready, little foxes?
I'm after you now.
[RONALD, GRELL gasp, yell]
[GRELL, RONALD yell]
[UNDERTAKER]
Heh.
Wasted effort.
Truly. I can slice through
a table as easily
as snapping a biscuit.
But they kept you
occupied long enough
for me to get inside your reach.
I see you have a
fair hand for strategy.
Luckily...
[CIEL gasps]
...I happen to, as well.
[SEBASTIAN gasps]
Now... I've dreamt of fitting
you for one of my coffins
for so very long, my lord.
[SEBASTIAN growling]
[UNDERTAKER]
I knew that would do the trick.
[UNDERTAKER] Human lives
may be fragile things,
but dragging one along
with you is a lot of work,
isn't it, butler?
Quite a lot.
I've always been
curious about you.
Why would vermin
such as yourself
wish to don a uniform
and play at being a servant?
Perhaps watching your Record
will give me the answer.
[SEBASTIAN gasping]
Sebastian!
[SEBASTIAN]
Ah, he is calling.
In sorrow, in anger,
in despair, in terror.
He spits out curses,
and they fall like flames
from his tongue.
Summoning me to him.
Tell me, boy, what is your name?
You wish to know
what my name is?
It's Ciel.
My name is Ciel Phantomhive.
I am the heir to the
Phantomhive earldom.
I see. Good.
In that case, before we begin,
I shall have to assume a
form befitting the servant
of an earl.
[SEBASTIAN]
Now, give me my first order.
I am at your service, my lord.
[SEBASTIAN] There were three
things that he wished of me.
To protect him and
never betray him
until he carried
out his revenge.
To follow his orders
with absolute obedience,
and to be honest
with him at all times.
I suspected the tasks
would prove difficult
while smartly performing the
duties of an earl's butler.
Someone is attempting
to exterminate
the entire Phantomhive family.
The previous earl
lost his battle,
but when they return,
then I mean to be
ready for them.
I am Ciel Phantomhive.
The head of the
Phantomhive family.
I will not lose.
[SEBASTIAN chuckles]
You find something funny?
Well, it is interesting that
you instructed me not to lie,
when you are so
clearly a liar yourself.
[SEBASTIAN]
He is a troublesome thing.
Still, even if it takes
an entire human lifetime
to fulfill our contract,
it will feel like merely
the blink of an eye to me.
As long as it passes the
time and fills my stomach,
I require nothing more.
If we are finished here, Master,
perhaps we should
return to your manor.
[CIEL]
I don't know where it is.
Uhh...?
I have a relative at London
Hospital who will know.
We shall go and speak with her.
[SEBASTIAN]
Very good, my lord.
He can't find his own home?
What a poor, pathetic little
boy I have in my care.
[CIEL]
Wait.
What is your name, demon?
My name is whatever
you would like for it to be.
All right.
Sebastian.
From now on, you shall
answer to "Sebastian."
Most excellent, my lord.
May I be so bold as to
inquire after your inspiration
for the name?
Was that what your
last butler was called?
No, it was my dog's name.
[SEBASTIAN]
On second thought,
what a spoiled, nasty little
brat I've saddled myself with.
This is it?
It is badly damaged.
My lord?
[CIEL sniffles]
Father, Mother.
I miss you.
[SEBASTIAN] It was both
the first and the last time
I heard him call
his parents that.
Like he was burying those
words alongside them.
[SEBASTIAN] My lord.
The sun is setting soon.
You wouldn't want to catch
a chill from the night air.
Very well.
There's a pub nearby
with decent lodgings.
We'll stay there for the night.
No need.
We have our own lodgings,
I do believe.
It can't be true!
You haven't forgotten already?
I promised I'd never lie to you.
But how?
This is impossible!
An earl's butler who can't
rebuild a crumbling manor
in this amount of time
isn't worth his salt, my lord.
[SEBASTIAN]
Come.
Take a closer look
at your humble abode.
[SEBASTIAN]
I hope it is acceptable.
Welcome home, my lord.
[CIEL yells]
Check the water temperature
before you pour!
You scalded me!
I do apologize.
I shall be more
careful next time.
Now, if you will pardon me,
this may take a
bit of scrubbing.
Do please try to hold still.
Struggling will only prolong
the process, I assure you.
There is still an unacceptable
amount of filth on you.
I can't have you dying on
me from infected wounds.
[CIEL]
Get out!
Of course, my lord. As you wish.
That cheeky little brat.
[crash]
Are you all right?
I was trying to fetch a towel
and I slipped, that's all.
You've had a very long
and very tiring day.
Please just allow me
to help you wash.
Off! I said no!
This isn't the time
for your stubbornness.
Humans are pathetically
weak animals.
The tiniest germ entering
the tiniest scrape
can mean death for
one of your kind.
You are injured,
and you need assistance.
Now, allow me to provide it.
[stomach growls]
Is there no situation that
can quell the demands
of the human stomach?
Quiet, you.
[SEBASTIAN]
If I may, my lord...
If you see anything
of particular interest,
I would be happy to fetch it.
Be careful!
You mustn't do this sort
of thing so casually.
Why ever not?
[CIEL] I don't wish
to attract suspicion.
Surely, you jest!
You wouldn't truly have me
use human methods
for every little task?
That would be most wearying.
Are you or are
you not my butler?
Do as I say.
Forgive my
impertinence, my lord.
Very sorry.
Is the dish not to your liking?
It's oily and spicy
and too heavily salted!
Of course!
I should have anticipated
that this menu
would be far too heavy for you,
given your recent captivity.
Perhaps a risotto instead.
[CIEL]
Never mind. I'm going to bed.
[knocking]
Pardon me, my lord.
[CIEL]
What do you want?
[SEBASTIAN] I thought I would
bring you a kettle of hot milk.
Your appetite may
not have returned,
but you need the sustenance.
[CIEL]
I don't want it.
I'm certain it will
taste terrible.
[SEBASTIAN]
I've only heated the milk.
I didn't flavor it
with anything.
As to whether it tastes good
or not, I couldn't say.
Perhaps you can tell me.
Is there any honey?
Certainly.
As much as you'd like.
[CIEL] Tanaka scolded me
for eating honey at night.
He said it would decay my teeth.
Then I shall scold you
for it as well,
but not until tomorrow.
[CIEL]
Sebastian. The hot milk.
It tasted good.
I'm happy it was
to your liking.
[CIEL]
However...
I shall be displeased
if breakfast is as ghastly
as what you served
me this evening.
If you can't learn to do more
than heat a kettle of milk,
I'm going to starve before long.
[CIEL] Today's breakfast
was atrocious as well.
I apologize, my lord.
My sense of taste
differs from a human's,
so I have much to learn.
You'd better learn quickly.
We have other things
to focus on.
There are too many things I
don't know about my own house.
Indeed, that is a start.
However, as the family head,
you will also need to
acquire the knowledge
and education of an adult.
I am happy to design an
appropriate curriculum
and serve as your instructor.
You? Why?
I've picked up a bit of
knowledge here and there.
Will Spartan education suit?
It will have to do.
We don't have the
luxury of time.
I am a child earl,
and you are fake butler.
We shall have to work swiftly
to achieve respectability.
Then work swiftly we shall.
A mistranslation.
I see we've forgotten making
the same mistake yesterday?
Well, show me your hands.
[SEBASTIAN]
Now. Do it again.
The tea I have prepared today
is a Darjeeling, my lord.
Sebastian, show me your hands.
You call this tea?
It's more like a cup
of tea-colored water.
Do it again.
Your posture is terrible,
and your shoulder is too loose.
You must focus.
If you can't shoot on foot,
you can't shoot on horseback.
[CIEL]
Ugh, this fork is cloudy.
You would give your master
dirty silverware to eat with?
Do it again.
[neighs]
[SEBASTIAN] You must never let
an animal sense your fear.
Now, do it again.
[CIEL yelling]
[INTRUDERS yelling]
What's that racket, Sebastian?!
[SEBASTIAN]
My apologies, Lord.
It's difficult to subdue
so many intruders quietly.
That is absolutely unacceptable!
Do not disturb my sleep again!
[SEBASTIAN]
The point seemed moot, however,
as even without
such disturbances,
he still woke every night.
[CIEL screams]
My lord, is everything
all right?
[CIEL]
Wh-Who is it?
Only me, my lord.
Sebastian, your butler.
[CIEL]
Right. Sebastian.
[SEBASTIAN]
Did you have another nightmare?
They're all just lying there,
glaring at me.
How can they glare
when they're dead?
[SEBASTIAN] You and I are
the only ones in the manor.
I promise, there is
no one else here.
[CIEL]
Nothing is going to happen?
No, it is a quiet night.
Now, let's make you comfortable.
[CIEL]
Don't touch me!
I mean it!
As you wish.
I shall take my leave, then.
Call if you require me.
--Goodnight.
--[CIEL] Stay.
Stay right there.
Until I fall asleep.
Certainly.
I'll stay, my lord.
Excellent improvement.
Top marks.
[CIEL chuckles]
Perfectly adequate.
Brilliant shot.
I must insist that all guests
knock at the front door,
where they can be
received properly.
Moreover, it is the
height of rudeness
to call so late at night.
[MALE INTRUDER A grunting]
Interesting...
My heart is glad to welcome
you home, Lord Phantomhive.
I am most pleased
by your return.
[CROWD clapping]
[MADAM RED] I'm surprised you
aren't watching from closer up.
You're practically
family to Ciel now.
The two of you are
nigh on inseparable.
[SEBASTIAN] I would never
presume to think of myself
as family.
That would be inappropriate.
No, I am merely...
...one hell of a butler.
[SEBASTIAN]
You have achieved much.
You are now officially the earl.
Your rank and
fortune are secure,
as is your estate
and your betrothal
to the beautiful Lady Elizabeth.
So perhaps you should let go
of this silly idea of revenge,
and content yourself with
leading a happy life instead.
[CIEL]
That wouldn't be bad, I suppose.
However...
I didn't claw my way
back from hell
because I wanted to be happy.
I came back because
I mean to fight.
The name I bear comes
with responsibilities.
No. I have no choice
in the matter.
I swear by my cursed name.
I will have my vengeance!
[SEBASTIAN]
Ah...
The sight of him turning
his back on the gilded life
with no hesitation
and striding headlong
into damnation
with a sturdy gait.
How beautiful.
How foolish.
[CIEL]
This is an order, Sebastian:
Become my sword and my shield.
Bring me my victory!
[SEBASTIAN] Forever hereafter,
yes, my lord.
Without fail, I shall bring
you the victory you desire.
When the time has come,
and victory turns into despair,
your soul will be mine,
and I have no doubt that
it shall taste exquisite.
[SEBASTIAN gasps]
Sebastian!
[SEBASTIAN yelling]
Naturally, I expected
nothing less
from a peerless
butler such as yourself.
I was certain you would
protect the earl for me.
[CIEL]
Sebastian!
Oi! Sebastian!
There is no need to shout.
I can hear you just fine.
[UNDERTAKER] Your Record was
every bit as entertaining
as I imagined it would be.
However, it has become
clear that you bring
the young earl
nothing but misfortune.
So I believe I shall
have to remove you.
[CIEL gasps]
[crashing noise]
[CIEL yells]
[RONALD]
The ship!
[GRELL]
What, already?
[STOKER yelling]
Sinking, are we?
Oh, blast!
[PASSENGERS screaming]
[STOKER yelling]
[CIEL]
Ryan!
[GRELL]
Ryan Stoker.
Born on the 24th of
August in the year 1854.
Died the twentieth
of April, 1889.
Death caused by injuries
sustained in a fall.
No notes of interest.
Well, Bassy,
as you can see, playtime
is well and truly over.
Sorry, but I really
must be taking him now.
[DEATH SCYTHE revs]
[GRELL]
Don't worry.
No need to get up.
[SEBASTIAN]
Stop!
I'll leave the rogue Reaper
to you, Mr. Sutcliff!
In the meantime,
I shall dispatch this one
while he's still weak.
[SEBASTIAN coughs]
Heh. I can't have you so grossly
underestimating my butler.
You think he can be
weakened that easily?
You're sorely mistaken.
Am I right, Sebastian?
Yes.
Indeed you are, my lord.
[SEBASTIAN coughs]
[RONALD groans] Now I'm
wondering if I should feel bad
for preying upon
an injured animal.
[RONALD grunts]
[RONALD grunting]
[SEBASTIAN growls]
You may wish to reconsider
your definition of "weak."
[RONALD grunts]
[GRELL yelling]
[UNDERTAKER] I knew I'd
seen you somewhere before.
You're the Reaper who was
posing as Madam Red's butler.
Seems you're dragging a human
life behind you, as well.
Sticking your nose
where it doesn't belong
is so tacky!
[UNDERTAKER]
Your time is almost up, right?
Hadn't you better run along?
Leave a man behind just because
it's getting a little late?
I'm no Cinderella!
[GRELL, RONALD grunt]
[GRELL groaning]
Ronald?
Young chaps these days
are so much weaker
than they used to be.
Now, that just leaves one.
[rumbling]
--[CIEL gasps]
--[SEBASTIAN] My lord!
[ship creaking]
[FEMALE PASSENGER A screams]
[SAILOR H screams]
[SAILOR F]
No! Oh, god! The ship!
[PASSENGERS screaming]
[UNDERTAKER] Alas, the time
has come for us to part.
I've enjoyed myself immensely!
[UNDERTAKER]
Well, my lord,
I suppose I'll let you
hold on to that for a while.
Take good care of it
for me, won't you?
You have no idea what
a treasure it is to me.
[CIEL]
Treasure?
What does that mean?
[UNDERTAKER] No doubt
we'll meet again, my lord.
Until then!
[SAILOR I]
Wh-What happened?
[EVACUEES screaming]
[PASSENGERS screaming]
[SEBASTIAN]
Take a deep breath.
Uh... what?!
Forgive me, but our
options are rather limited.
[CIEL yelling]
[CIEL breathing raggedly]
[CIEL coughing]
[SEBASTIAN] It took longer
than expected to retrieve this
from the ship.
Here, please.
Unfortunately, at
present I do not have
a hot cup of tea to offer you.
What happened to the
rest of the passengers?
Humans can't survive long
in these water temperatures.
Behind you!
[FEMALE ZOMBIE L growls]
Sebastian!
Why didn't they all go
down with the Campania?
[SEBASTIAN]
The cold doesn't bother them,
and they don't require oxygen,
so they can't drown.
[CIEL gasps]
[SEBASTIAN gasps]
[CIEL]
There are so many.
[ZOMBIES growling]
[CIEL]
Sebastian! Get in the boat!
[ZOMBIES growling, moaning]
[CIEL grunts]
[CIEL]
Damn!
They're not backing down!
[SEBASTIAN]
No, they are not.
I imagine they will continue
seeking the souls they crave
until their bodies
give out or are destroyed.
You must be the only living
person in the vicinity.
What do you wish to do, my lord?
[CIEL]
We can't make for the lifeboats.
If we do, Lizzie and
the other passengers
will become targets, as well.
If we seek out
the other survivors,
it will put them in danger.
[SEBASTIAN] They should
be safe for the time being.
Fortunately or unfortunately,
these creatures only seem to be
drawn to the soul nearest them.
We'll eliminate them here.
Do you suppose you can manage?
That sounded suspiciously
close to a request.
Give me your order.
[ZOMBIES growling]
This is an order, Sebastian!
Exterminate them!
[SEBASTIAN]
I shall. Yes, my lord.
[MALE ZOMBIE WW growling]
[SEBASTIAN]
This will rock the boat a bit.
Please hold on tightly.
[ZOMBIES growling]
[growling continues]
[SEBASTIAN]
Fascinating.
[SEBASTIAN] They're little
different now than they were
in life.
Even after death, humans are
happy to trample others
if it means getting
what they want.
Truly greedy creatures
to the very last.
[ZOMBIES growling]
Does anybody else hear that?
What the devil is
happening over there?
It's possible there
are more survivors.
Let's turn back!
I don't know.
We mustn't be careless.
Rowing in the dark isn't safe.
Yes, and what if those
disgusting monsters
are still about?
[YOUNG GIRL A crying]
I'm scared!
[EDWARD gasps]
I'm sorry, Smile.
Sebastian!
Even for one such as me,
a Death Scythe is nothing
to be trifled with.
[CIEL]
Damn the Undertaker.
What do you suppose he's after?
I'm afraid I couldn't
hazard a guess.
But you have his
mourning jewelry--
something clearly
precious to him.
I feel quite certain
that you will meet again.
Though personally,
that's a pleasure
I would be more
than happy to forgo.
[coughs]
I've never seen you
like this before.
I didn't think it possible.
I am a failure as
a Phantomhive butler,
letting you see me
in such a state.
I shall strive not to
let it happen again.
[ship horn blares]
[CIEL]
It's our rescue.
Sebastian.
In your current condition,
you won't be able
to attend me as
a proper butler should.
Once we've returned to the
manor, I want you to rest.
You did quite well today.
My lord.
Please, you must stop.
It isn't at all like you
to say such things.
If you're not careful,
you'll call a storm
down upon us.
[WILLIAM]
Honestly!
It was a simple collection,
and you couldn't
even manage that.
Obviously, being on
suspension has made you lazy.
Poor job performance
may not bother you,
but have some consideration
for your fellow Reapers!
Thanks to your idiocy,
I'll have to work
late again today.
Well, on your feet.
You won't get anything
done lying there.
Will, dear!
How sweet!
You came to fetch me!
Gah!
I'm not here to fetch anyone.
I am once again tidying up after
a certain useless temp worker.
Now, stop blowing bubbles
and start collecting.
Your gaze is so fierce
it's practically
a human rights violation!
And let me tell you,
I'm ready to be violated.
I'm ready for you, Will!
There's no need to deny
ourselves any longer!
Oh, Will!
Will, are you listening to me?
At least let me into the boat.
Please!
Ciel!
[crying]
[CIEL yells]
[ELIZABETH]
Ciel!
[ELIZABETH crying]
[CIEL]
Ow, ow, ow!
It's all right.
You came back!
You're here!
I was so worried I'd never
see you again, but you're here!
[ELIZABETH crying]
Ciel!
[crying continues]